=pod

=head1 NAME

B<bgindex> - bgindex reads a list of files on stdin to process, produces an N-gram inverted index.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    bgindex [options]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-n/--ngram>  I<N>

Define N for the N-gram (3 or 4, 3 is default)

=item B<-H/--hint-type> I<N>

Specify hint type (0-2, default 0 for n==4, 1 for n==3 )

=item B<-b/--blocksize> I<SIZE>

PFOR encoding blocksize. (multiple of 8, default 32)

=item B<-e/--exceptions> I<NUM>

PFOR encoding max exceptions per block. (default 2)

=item B<-m/--minimum> I<NUM>

PFOR encoding minimum number of entries to consider PFOR. (default 4)

=item B<-M/--max-unique-ngrams> I<N>

Maximum number of unique n-grams allowed per file.

=item B<-p/--prefix> I<STR>

A prefix for the index file(s) (directory and/or partial filename).

=item B<-O/--overflow> I<FILE>

Write filenames that surpass max-unique-ngram limit to the given I<FILE>.

=item B<-S/--sthreads> I<NUM>

Number of threads to use for shingling. (default 4)

=item B<-C/--cthreads> I<NUM>

Number of threads to use for compression. (default 5)

=item B<-v/--verbose>

Show some additional info while working.

=item B<-L/--lock>

Use the boost lockless queue implementation instead of the standard locking queue implementation. Available if Boost 1.53 or greater is installed.

=item B<-l/--log> I<FILE>

Log process and diagnostic information to the given file instead of stderr.

=item B<-d/--debug>

Show more diagnostic information.

=item B<-t/--trace>

Show WAY TOO MUCH diagnostics (if compiled in).

=item B<-h/--help>

Show help and exit.

=item B<-V/--version>

Report version and exit.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

mkdir /tmp/bgi

ls -1 /some/test/files/*.exe | bgindex -p /tmp/bgi/testidx1 -v

ls -1 /some/more/test/files/*.exe | bgindex -p /tmp/bgi/testidx2 -v

=head1 KNOWN ISSUES

Bug reports and feature requests may be posted at 
E<lt>http://github.com/cmu-sei/BigGrep/issuesE<gt>

=head1 AUTHORS

Chuck Hines, Matt Coates, Emily Sarneso
E<lt>http://www.cert.org/E<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<bgsearch(1)>, B<bgparse(1)>, B<bgverify(1)>, B<bgextractfile(1)>, B<biggrep.conf(5)>

=cut
