=pod

=head1 NAME

B<bgsearch> - Search Biggrep index files for one or more search terms.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   bgsearch [options] {search-term}

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-a/--ascii>

Ascii string search term.

=item B<-b/--binary>

Binary hexadecimal string search term.

=item B<-u/--unicode>

Unicode string search term.

=item B<-d/--directory> I<DIR>

Directory to search for .bgi files.

=item B<-r/--recursive>

Recurse down the directories looking for .bgi files.

=item B<-M/--no-metadata>

Do not show metadata associated with each result, if available.

=item B<-v/--verify>

Invoke bgverify on candidate answers.

=item B<-y/--yara> I<FILE>

Invoke yara on the specified file to verify candidate answers.
If any of the rules in the yara input match, the candidate will pass verification.
Yara rules that match will be indicated in the result metadata using the YARA_MATCHES value.

=item B<-l/--limit> I<NUM>

Halt search and verify when the number of candidates exceeds NUM.
This option has no effect without specifying -y or -v.
Specify a limit of 0 to disable the default limit of 15,000.

=item B<-f/--filter> I<CRITERIA>

Metadata filter criteria.  If multiple filters are specified,
candidates must pass all criteria.
Supported operators: =,&lt;,&gt;,&lt;=,&gt;=,!=
Some of these operators may have meaning in the shell you are using,
it's a good idea to encapsulate the filter in quotes. (eg. &quot;size&gt;=1024&quot;)

Some indexes may not have the same metadata as others.
If your filter criteria use metadata that isn't available for a candidate,
it will not be used to filter out that candidate.  If no other filter criteria
fail, this candidate will be included in the candidate list.
The missing metadata will be indicated in the result metadata using the
FILTER_MISSING_METADATA value.

The following metadata is generated at search/verification time
and cannot be used with a filter: YARA_MATCHES, FILTER_MISSING_METADATA.

=item B<-n/--numprocs> I<NUM>

Number of simultaneous .bgi files to search. (default 12)

=item B<--banner> I<PATH>

Path to a text file to display as a banner/MOTD.

=item B<-i/--index-order> I<INDEX_ORDER>

Alter the order in which index files are searched.
Possible values for I<INDEX_ORDER> are:
"shuffle" and "alpha"  "alpha" will sort all index files from all
directories in alphabetic order based on file name.
"shuffle" will shuffle the order in a pseudo-random manner.  The
order in which index files are searched is not random, and may be the same between runs.

=item B<-t/--throttle> I<NUB>

Throttle index parsing when this many candidates are buffered.
This can help to eliviate memory consumption, and improve overall
throughput when executing a query that produces a very large
number of candidates.  Default: 10,000

=item B<-V/--verbose>

Verbose output

=item B<-D/--debug>

Diagnostic output

=item B<--version>

Display version number.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

bgsearch -v 8bff558bec

bgsearch -v program



=head1 KNOWN ISSUES

Bug reports and feature requests may be posted at
E<lt>http://github.com/cmu-sei/BigGrep/issuesE<gt>

=head1 AUTHORS

Chuck Hines, Matt Coates

E<lt>http://www.cert.org/E<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<bgparse(1)>, B<bgindex(1)>, B<bgverify(1)>, B<bgextractfile(1)>, B<biggrep.conf(5)>

=cut
