=pod

=head1 NAME

B<biggrep.conf> - Configuration file for bgsearch default options.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

biggrep.conf contains settings that override defaults for bgsearch.
All long-form options for B<bgsearch(1)> are supported.
This man page describes the most useful options for inclusion in this
file.

=head1 SYNTAX

The general format of this file consists of key=value
pairs. Only one key=value pair may be present on a line, and
the value must be separated from the key by a '=' character.
For keys that require no value, listing the key alone (without
a '=' character) will set that value to true. All long-form
options for B<bgsearch(1)> are supported.  Lines that begin
with the character # indicate the beginning of a comment, which
continues to the end of the line.  These comments are ignored.

=over 4

=item B<directory>=I<DIR>

Directory to search for .bgi files.

=item B<recursive>

Recurse down the directories looking for .bgi files.

=item B<no-metadata>

Do not show metadata associated with each result, if available.

=item B<verify>

Invoke bgverify on candidate answers.

=item B<limit>=I<NUM>

Halt search and verify when the number of candidates exceeds NUM.

=item B<numprocs>=I<NUM>

Number of simultaneous .bgi files to search. (default 12)

=item B<banner>=I<PATH>

Path to a text file to display as a banner/MOTD.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

directory=/data/biggrep/indexes
banner=/etc/biggrep/usage-warning.txt

=head1 AUTHORS

Matt Coates

E<lt>http://www.cert.org/E<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO                                                                             
                                                                                            
B<bgparse(1)>, B<bgindex(1)>, B<bgverify(1)>, B<bgextractfile(1)>, B<bgsearch(1)>
                                                                                            
=cut 
